Accuracy: The accuracy of the SVM model is 89.28%. 
This means that the model is able to correctly predict 89.28% of the outcomes.

Precision: The precision of the SVM model is 88.46%. 
This means that out of all the predictions that the model made, 88.46% of them were correct.

Recall: The recall of the SVM model is 89.85%. 
This means that out of all the actual outcomes, the model was able to correctly identify 89.85%.


Accuracy, precision, and recall metrics can be easily calculated by using the metrics module from the scikit-learn library. You can use the accuracy_score(), precision_score(), and recall_score() functions to calculate these metrics for your Logistic Regression model. The syntax for these functions is:

accuracy_score(y_true, y_pred)
precision_score(y_true, y_pred)
recall_score(y_true, y_pred)

Where y_true is an array of true labels, and y_pred is an array of predicted labels.


which is the path you recommend to understand mahine learning

1. Start by reading introductory materials about machine learning, such as books or online articles, to get familiar with the basic concepts.

2. Take a course on machine learning, either online or in person, to get a better understanding of the concepts and techniques.

3. Practice coding with machine learning libraries, such as scikit-learn, to get familiar with the syntax and algorithms.

4. Experiment with different datasets to gain a better understanding of how the algorithms work in different scenarios.

5. Read more advanced material and papers on machine learning to get deeper insights into the subject.

6. Participate in machine learning competitions on platforms such as Kaggle to get hands-on experience.

7. Attend conferences or workshops to keep up with the latest advancements in the field.


There are many data analytics projects available online that can be used as examples for learning. Here are a few examples to get you started:

Netflix: Netflix has a famous recommendation system that uses data analytics to suggest new movies and shows to its users based on their past viewing history.

New York Times: The New York Times used data analytics to analyze its articles and determine which ones were the most popular with its readers. This information was then used to inform future content decisions.

Amazon: Amazon uses data analytics to analyze its customers' purchasing habits and provide personalized recommendations for products that they might be interested in.

Google Analytics: Google Analytics is a powerful tool that can be used to analyze website traffic and user behavior. This information can be used to optimize website design and content, as well as inform marketing and advertising strategies.

Twitter: Twitter uses data analytics to analyze its users' tweets and determine which ones are the most popular. This information is then used to inform its algorithm for displaying tweets in users' feeds.

Kaggle: Kaggle is a platform for data scientists to share and collaborate on data analytics projects. There are many examples of successful projects on the platform that can be used as examples for learning.

World Bank: The World Bank has many publicly available datasets that can be used for data analytics projects. These datasets cover a wide range of topics, including poverty, education, and health.

These are just a few examples of the many data analytics projects available online. When choosing a project to learn from, it's important to select one that is appropriate for your skill level and interests.




To successfully complete a data analytics project with a public dataset, you will need to follow a structured approach that includes the following steps:

Define your research question or problem statement: Identify the problem that you want to solve or the question that you want to answer. This will guide your entire project and help you focus on the most important aspects of the data.

Gather and explore your data: Collect the relevant data and explore it to gain an understanding of its structure and content. This step involves data cleaning and advanced data handling, as well as dimensionality reduction if necessary.

Perform statistical analysis: Use parametric and nonparametric statistical techniques to analyze the data and draw insights. This step will involve cross-validation and other techniques to validate the statistical models used.

Build models: Use classification, clustering, and regression techniques to build models that can predict outcomes or identify patterns in the data.

Evaluate your models: Evaluate the performance of your models using appropriate metrics and techniques.

Communicate your results: Communicate your findings and insights in a clear and concise manner, using data visualization techniques to enhance your presentation.

To successfully complete a data analytics project with a public dataset, you will need to apply all the techniques you learned in your course. You will need to start with data cleaning and advanced data handling, then move on to statistical analysis and model building. Finally, you will need to evaluate your models and communicate your findings effectively. It is important to keep your research question or problem statement in mind throughout the entire process, as this will help you stay focused and ensure that your project is relevant and impactful.



If you're having trouble setting up SSH keys to connect to GitHub on your Chromebook, there are a few things you can try:

Generate a new SSH key: Start by generating a new SSH key on your Chromebook. You can do this by following the instructions in GitHub's documentation on generating SSH keys: https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent.

Add your public key to GitHub: Once you have generated your SSH key, you will need to add your public key to your GitHub account. You can do this by following the instructions in GitHub's documentation on adding an SSH key to your account: https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/adding-a-new-ssh-key-to-your-github-account.

Configure your SSH agent: You will also need to configure your SSH agent on your Chromebook. This will allow you to authenticate with GitHub using your SSH key. You can do this by following the instructions in GitHub's documentation on configuring your SSH agent: https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/working-with-ssh-key-passphrases#auto-launching-ssh-agent-on-git-for-windows.

Test your connection: Once you have set up your SSH key and configured your SSH agent, you can test your connection to GitHub by attempting to clone a repository using SSH. If everything is set up correctly, you should be able to clone the repository without having to enter your GitHub username and password.

If you are still having trouble connecting to GitHub with SSH, you may want to consider using the HTTPS protocol instead. This will allow you to authenticate with GitHub using your GitHub username and password. You can find more information on using HTTPS with GitHub in their documentation: https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/about-authentication-to-github#authenticating-with-the-command-line.

There are many sources where you can find public data about population for your data analytics project. Some of the most common sources include:

United Nations: The United Nations maintains a database of population statistics that can be accessed through its website. This database includes information on population size, growth rate, age distribution, and other demographic indicators for countries around the world.

World Bank: The World Bank also maintains a database of population statistics, which can be accessed through its website. This database includes information on population size, growth rate, age distribution, and other demographic indicators, as well as information on health and education indicators.

National Statistical Offices: Many countries have national statistical offices that collect and maintain data on population statistics. These offices may make this data available to the public through their websites or through other means.

Census Data: Census data can also be a valuable source of information on population statistics. Many countries conduct periodic censuses to gather information on their population, which can be used to inform policy decisions.

Non-governmental organizations: Non-governmental organizations, such as the Population Council or the Population Reference Bureau, may also collect and maintain data on population statistics that can be accessed through their websites.

When searching for public data on population statistics, it is important to be mindful of the quality and reliability of the data. You should also be sure to check the terms of use for the data to ensure that you are using it in accordance with any applicable regulations or restrictions.




